I'm Mr. Su, don't worry,
Pay attention to your body. For him to shout here,
It’s better to go and experience it quickly. Personally speaking,
The only thing that will be missed is to send the team away just in case.
And you and Su are a group,
You will also miss the Yizhuang Wolf achievement,
A judgment.
You drive more.
This cock cock cock
You said it
Don't listen to this trash
He must be lying to women like this outside.
I love telling the truth the most
I'm different from you, stop it
Then tell me
How do you know?
Of course
The boss of Tong consortium
Don’t report the past
They next month
Going into huge
I finally have the ideal
Explain directly what they do
Then you give up through the consortium
I just promise to continue and have no intention of fucking Xiao Maotou
Do you know what Wantongcai does?
This is the world's top business group
consider a shareholder
It was the ambition of Bi He who was responsible for this
We need a top business group
And we all are
Those who are ignorant of their views
That’s fine too, little Baoan
It’s a form of someone’s boss reporting to you the consortium
It must be a lot of cannibalism
I just said it
Don't worry
past time
Your connections in the Ministry of Commerce
will notify you
Not yet dead
we all said it
Don't mess with the group
It is the world’s geographical collection team
their boss
We can only compete for goods
Your little baby
Why not do house talks?
You go out less
These are not high legs
Don't want what I said
These are not his talents
I said I looked at my feet
So let's talk
You want me to mess with you a long time ago
This is super
I'll tell the master here
I'll come over here. See you later.